# Login
This is the data preprocessing and analysis code for the Login dataset stored in DOI [here](10.5281/zenodo.14304837).
If you need further guidance, please feel free to contact me.

## ABSTRACT
Fashion AI-based mixed-initiative co-creative systems (AI-MICCS) have been developed to enhance the creativity of fashion designers. Many studies have aimed to determine when AI and humans take the initiative to lead the system in this context. However, such studies often rely on subjective assessments from users, such as surveys and interviews, which can limit an objective understanding of user behavior. The lack of consideration for the entire fashion design process also limits to provide comprehensive insights into the distribution of initiative across each phase. Therefore, we adopted a quantitative approach that combines log analysis with subjective methods to analyze who should take the initiative in the whole creative process. To this end, we conducted a user study targeting 30 fashion designers, using a web framework that uses generative AI that follows the fashion design process (*Research*, *Design*, and *Improvement*). The results show that humans learn the large volumes of trend information provided by the AI initiative during the *Research* phase. On the other hand, in the *Design* phase, the human initiative played a key role, as designers preferred to modify fashion designs according to their preferences. In the *Improvement* phase, both AI and human initiatives were highlighted, as effective feedback required collaboration between the designer and AI. Based on the study, we propose design implications (e.g., objective information visualization, precise control, and explainable AI) of initiative allocation within *Human-AI co-creativity* systems, suggesting the potential for *Human-AI* collaboration to be embraced as a true partnership.